"Free Trial" and "Support" nav buttons (#4435)
SumoLogic/sumologic-documentation: docs/contributing/index.md

---
slug: /contributing

> title: Contributing to Sumo Logic Docs

Author: ```suggestion
title: Contribute to Sumo Docs
```

import DocCardList from '@theme/DocCardList';
import {useCurrentSidebarCategory} from '@docusaurus/theme-common';

Welcome to Sumo Logic Open Source!

We're a community of developers and practitioners dedicated to building reliable and secure modern apps. At Sumo Logic, we believe in the power of collaboration and community-driven innovation. Our open-source projects go beyond code—they're about fostering a vibrant, inclusive community where every contribution, big or small, makes an impact.

> Whether you’re fixing bugs, adding features, writing documentation, or sharing feedback, your contributions help others learn and grow within the Sumo Logic ecosystem. From typo fixes to new docs, we welcome all forms of participation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Whether you’re fixing bugs, adding features, writing documentation, or sharing feedback, your contributions help others to learn and grow within the Sumo Logic ecosystem. From typo fixes to new docs, we welcome all forms of participation.
```

> Our open-source [documentation](https://github.com/SumoLogic/sumologic-documentation) project is hosted on GitHub, where you’ll find everything you need to get started — guidelines on creating files, writing in Markdown, using templates, and submitting pull requests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Our open-source [documentation](https://github.com/SumoLogic/sumologic-documentation) project is hosted on GitHub, you can find all the resources to get started — guidelines on creating files, writing in Markdown, using templates, and submitting pull requests.
```

> Whether you’re a seasoned developer or just starting, join us in building tools that help everyone better understand and optimize their systems. Ready to contribute? Explore our [contributing guide](https://help.sumologic.com/docs/contributing/) and get involved today!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Whether you’re a seasoned developer or just starting, join us in building tools that help everyone to better understand and optimize their systems. Ready to contribute? Explore our [contributing guide](https://help.sumologic.com/docs/contributing/) and get involved today!
```

Author: Thank you! I think I'm going to stet the original version for a more conversational tone.
